Document `federated-api` configuration (#121)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/api/federated.en.md

The codebase for the Federated API is available on [`github.com/OpenTermsArchive/federated-api`](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/federated-api).

## Configuring

> The default configuration can be found in `config/default.json`. The full reference is given below. You are unlikely to want to edit all of these elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration can be found in `config/default.json`. The full reference is given below. In the vast majority of cases, the default values should be sufficient and only the email sending data should be specific.
```

```js
{

>   "port": "Port number on which the server will listen for incoming connections",

Reviewer: > The default value should be provided.

>   "collections": "Collections configuration key; see below",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "collections": [  // Overriding this value creates a risk of splintering the federation, make sure to fully understand what happens when changing this value
    "List of collections to federate; see below for how to configure"
  ]
```

  "logger": { // Logging mechanism to be notified upon error
    "smtp": {
      "host": "SMTP server hostname", // Hostname of the SMTP server for sending emails
      "username": "User for server authentication" // Password for server authentication is defined in environment variables, see the “Environment variables” section below
    },
    "sendMailOnError": { // Can be set to `false` if sending email on error is not needed
      "to": "The address to send the email to in case of an error",
      "from": "The address from which to send the email",
      "sendWarnings": "Boolean. Set to true to also send email in case of warning",
    }

>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
```

}
```

The default configuration is merged with (and overridden by) environment-specific configuration that can be specified at startup with the `NODE_ENV` environment variable. See [node-config](https://github.com/node-config/node-config) for more information about configuration files.

> For developement, in order to have a local configuration that override exisiting config, it is recommended to create a `config/development.json` file with overridden values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development, in order to have a local configuration that overrides the existing config, it is recommended to create a `config/development.json` file.
```

### `collections` configuration key

> The `collections` configuration key is an array containing URLs and directly specified collections. Each item in the collections array can be either a URL pointing to a JSON file containing collections or a directly specified collection object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `collections` configuration key is an array containing URLs or specific collections. Each item in the collections array can be either a URL pointing to a JSON file containing Collections objects, or a Collection object.
```

#### Structure

- **URLs**: URLs pointing to JSON files containing collections description. Each URL should respond with a JSON array containing collection objects.

> - **Directly specified collections**: Collection objects directly specified within the configuration. These collections must include properties: `name`, `id`, and `endpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Collection objects**: the description of a collection, in the form of an object with required properties: `name`, `id`, and `endpoint`.
```

```json
{
  …
  {
    "name": "The name of the collection",

>     "id": "A unique identifier for the collection",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "id": "An identifier for the collection that must be unique across the whole federation",
```

    "endpoint": "The endpoint or URL where the collection API can be accessed"
  }
  …
}
```

#### Example

```json
"collections": [
  "https://opentermsarchive.org/collections.json",
  {

>     "name": "Direct Collection",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "name": "My Collection",
```

>     "id": "directCollection",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "id": "mycollection",
```
